---
title: "10 PRINT 'HELLO'; 20 GOTO 10"   
date: "2024-03-24"
image: "https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Music126/v4/cd/c9/0d/cdc90daa-b426-916f-163a-1ff65a6f4108/5054197573972.jpg/600x600bb.jpg"
album: "Blackstar"
artist: "David Bowie"
---

<div style="height: 32px;"></div>

###### Of Glory not a Beam is Left
###### But her Eternal House -
###### The Asterisk is for the Dead,
###### The Living, for the Stars -
###### - Emily Dickinson

<div style="height: 32px;"></div>

Voir, a digital space for the love of sound. Enabling users to express 
themselves through the purest form of expression there is, Voir exists in pursuit of a 
beautiful arena that bursts with identity and a shared love for the invisible waves that bind us.

<div style="height: 32px;"></div>

# Portal

Double clicking anywhere on the screen, or if you’re on Mac pressing CMD+K, will bring you the Portal. The Portal is how you discover and interact with everything on Voir, from sounds to users to notifications. It is a shapeshifting, dynamic window that creates the most pleasant way to view a particular entity. This also means that the web application does not work on mobile, however an iOS* application is planned.

<div style="height: 32px;"></div>

# Text

At the heart of Voir are 2 types of texts you can create for a sound, an “Artifact”, a text with a rating, and a “Wisp”, a quick, fleeting text with no rating. To create an Artifact, simply dial in a rating using the up/down arrow keys before typing. Artifacts can only be created for albums, whilst Wisps can be created for any sound that exists within the database.

<div style="height: 32px;"></div>

# Apple Music

Speaking of databases, under the veil Voir uses the Apple Music API to source music. Meaning if it exists on Apple Music, you can talk about it here. But the truly wonderful thing about integrating with Apple Music, is this also means that anybody with an Apple Music account can effortlessly play any sound that is shared on Voir, add it to their library, etc. and is also why Voir is exclusive to Apple Music users.

<div style="height: 32px;"></div>

# On the Horizon

Currently, Voir is very barebones. Although there are plans for an algorithmic feed, and far more pleasant features, for now there is only the soundtracks of people you are linked with, and a more general global feed.

